FiveM on Linux (#340)
citizenfx/fivem-docs: content/docs/support/client-faq.md

Will FiveM run on Linux?
------------------------

> You can run the FiveM client on Linux through Wine/Proton, although the anticheat is not supported so you will not be able to play on most servers. It's not currently planned to make the anticheat support Linux.
> 
> You can make your own server from which you may remove svadhesive if you want Linux users to be able to join. This makes the anticheat not required for players that join, so tread carefully!
> 
> Running the game on Linux is not officially supported, and it may be buggy and break with updates.
> Running servers on Linux is supported, anticheat included. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can run the FiveM client on Linux through Wine/Proton, but the anticheat will not work so you will not be able to play on servers requiring authentication.

**NOTE**: Although running FiveM on Linux may work, it is not supported, any issues pertaining to Linux are likely to be  closed.
```

Will FiveM run on Linux?
------------------------

> You can run the FiveM client on Linux with DXVK, however the anticheat is not supported so you will not be able to play on most servers. You can however make your own server, just remember to remove svadhesive so you can play on Linux. 

Reviewer 2: I don't think having docs saying that is useful. 

Also note that adding "the anticheat is not supported" is not really recommanded.

Author: I've reworded the section. Please re-review.

What exactly isn't useful?

Will FiveM run on Linux?
------------------------

You can run the FiveM client on Linux through Wine/Proton, but the anti-cheat will not work, meaning you will only be able to join servers that have disabled `svadhesive`.

> **NOTE**: Running on Linux **might** work, but there is no plans to anti-cheat support. Issues or topics pertaining to this will likely be closed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**NOTE**: Running on Linux **might** work, but there is no plans for anti-cheat support. Issues or topics pertaining to this will likely be closed.
```
